README.rst, before:

========
Hyperion
========

Hyperion is the instrumentation control software we use at the Nano-Optics
Lab (Kuipers Lab) at Technical University Delft, The Netherlands.

The spirit of Hyperion is to help researchers to develop an application that
controls several devices in a complex experimental setup. Thus, it provides
some tools and common solutions we found convenient when building our experiments.

Please note that this is a continuously developing project (and community), so be aware
of the changes.

Below you can find the instructions to install locally the package within
a new conda environment.

Installing (develop version)
----------------------------

It's easiest, safest and cleanest to install these in their own environment. 
We use conda_. Make sure you have an up-to-date
version  of ``conda`` installed – either from Anaconda_ or miniconda_.

Start up Anaconda Navigator.

To make sure ``conda`` is up-to-date, run::

    conda update -n base -c default conda

Depending on how old your (ana)conda install is, you might have to specify ``root``
instead of ``base``. You *might* have to run this multiple times. It's prudent
(and possibly necessary) to update all other packages in your base environment
as well. Then, in this directory (where ``environment.yml`` lives), run::

    conda env create

to install all the dependencies in a new environment called ``hyperion``. If
you already have a ``hyperion`` environment, make sure it's up-to-date with::

    conda env update
    
Before working you need to **Enter the environment**::
    
    conda activate hyperion

Then you need to install the hyperion package, you should do::

    pip install -e .

Check that the installation is correct by doing::

    conda list

You should see a list of all the packages installed in the environment, including hyperion.

To keep a close track of the version off **all** the packages that were installed, you
should run::

    conda env export > environment_output/pc-YOURPCNAME.yml

replacing YOURPCNAME for the name of your PC.

Finally, in order to have the documentation, you need to create a folder
called ``doc/build`` and run::

	sphinx-build -b html docs/source/ docs/build/

This will create a series of html files with the documentation for the project
in the folder hyperion/docs/build, you should start at index.html

Commit message:

added link to the documentation and to the lab website.

README.rst, after:

========
Hyperion
========

Hyperion is the instrumentation control software we use at the Nano-Optics
Lab (`Kuipers Lab <https://kuiperslab.tudelft.nl/>`_) at Technical University Delft, The Netherlands.

The spirit of Hyperion is to help researchers to develop an application that
controls several devices in a complex experimental setup. Thus, it provides
some tools and common solutions we found convenient when building our experiments.

Please note that this is a continuously developing project (and community), so be aware
of the changes.

Below you can find the instructions to install locally the package within
a new conda environment.

Installing (develop version)
----------------------------

It's easiest, safest and cleanest to install these in their own environment. 
We use conda_. Make sure you have an up-to-date
version  of ``conda`` installed – either from Anaconda_ or miniconda_.

Start up Anaconda Navigator.

To make sure ``conda`` is up-to-date, run::

    conda update -n base -c default conda

Depending on how old your (ana)conda install is, you might have to specify ``root``
instead of ``base``. You *might* have to run this multiple times. It's prudent
(and possibly necessary) to update all other packages in your base environment
as well. Then, in this directory (where ``environment.yml`` lives), run::

    conda env create

to install all the dependencies in a new environment called ``hyperion``. If
you already have a ``hyperion`` environment, make sure it's up-to-date with::

    conda env update
    
Before working you need to **Enter the environment**::
    
    conda activate hyperion

Then you need to install the hyperion package, you should do::

    pip install -e .

Check that the installation is correct by doing::

    conda list

You should see a list of all the packages installed in the environment, including hyperion.

To keep a close track of the version off **all** the packages that were installed, you
should run::

    conda env export > environment_output/pc-YOURPCNAME.yml

replacing YOURPCNAME for the name of your PC.

Finally, in order to have the documentation, you need to create a folder
called ``doc/build`` and run::

	sphinx-build -b html docs/source/ docs/build/

This will create a series of html files with the documentation for the project
in the folder hyperion/docs/build, you should start at index.html

Alternatively, you can find the compiled documentation for the latest version at
our page in `Readthedocs
<https://nanooptics-hyperion.readthedocs.io/en/latest/>`_.
